What are you insulting my daughter like that?
I was wrong. I know I was wrong.
I really know I was wrong.
Forget it, sister-in-law
This Yingying has already apologized to you.
Don't be angry.
We are family after all
Just forgive him
It's not me who decided not to forgive
It's my daughter.
Forgive him.
It is impossible to forgive in this life
Nan Nan
I'm open for business in person and apologize to you.
You can't forgive him yet
Did you not pay attention to his elders?
Uncle, don't kidnap me morally
Is he like this now?
It's all because you didn't educate well.
Of course, yeah.
It is not ruled out that his mother did not educate him well.
It has nothing to do with me
Brother, look at your baby girl
What are you spoiled like?
It's lawless.
How dare you speak to me like that?
Zheng Guo
No matter how much you mess around outside all these years
I never cared about you.
What do you want to say?
Don't you forget
Before my parents died, they told you to take good care of me
Are you going to teach you a lesson for this little thing?
I dare not violate the hospital of my brothers and parents
That's fine, but
I just promised them to take care of you
Not to be bullied
I didn't promise them to support you for the rest of your life
It's almost 50.
From today onwards
Just resign as vice president
Find yourself a job
What if you can't keep a hukou?